Welcome to the Canopy Roads Baptist Church podcast.
Our mission is to develop fully devoted followers of Christ.
Our church is on a journey through the entire book of Psalms, where we are reading and reflecting on one Psalm every day. On today's episode, we're excited to have Sophie Dangerfield reading Psalm one forty nine.
Praise the Lord! Sing to the Lord a new song, His praise in the assembly of the godly.
Let Israel be glad in his Maker, Let the children of Zion rejoice in their King.
Let them praise his name with dancing, making melody to him with tambourine and lyre.
For the Lord takes pleasure in his people. He adorns the humble with salvation.
Let the godly insult and glory let them sing for joy on their beds
But the high praises of God be in their throats, and to its swords in their hands.
To execute vengeance on the nations and punishments on the people, to bind their kings with chains and their nobles with fetters of iron, to execute on them judgment writ.
written.
This is honor for all his godly ones. Praise the Lord.
That was Psalms 149.
So, in your church's worship, can you picture God joining in with the right and spontaneity, or nodding off in boredom? How about you?
What kind of celebration does God delight in?
We hope this message was encouraging to you. If you would like this kind of content delivered directly to you, consider subscribing to our channel.
If you'd like more information about our church, please visit us on the web at canopyroads.org. And thanks for listening to the Canopy Roads Baptist Church podcast.